```bash
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\ArrayStack.java:56:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\BagUtils.java:36:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\ClosureUtils.java:61:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\CollectionUtils.java:57:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\CollectionUtils.java:476:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\CollectionUtils.java:1089:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'ex' on all code paths
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\CollectionUtils.java:1878:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'ex' on all code paths
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\CollectionUtils.java:1931:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'ex' on all code paths
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\CollectionUtils.java:1985:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\ComparatorUtils.java:42:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\EnumerationUtils.java:32:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\FactoryUtils.java:45:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\FunctorException.java:34:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\IterableUtils.java:50:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\IterableUtils.java:627:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'IterableUtils': 'isEmpty' is already in scope
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\IterableUtils.java:1139:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\IteratorUtils.java:80:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\ListUtils.java:44:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\ListUtils.java:71:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\ListUtils.java:278:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\ListUtils.java:322:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\ListUtils.java:655:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\ListUtils.java:747:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\MapUtils.java:81:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\MapUtils.java:878:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\MultiMapUtils.java:44:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\MultiMapUtils.java:94:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\MultiMapUtils.java:134:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\MultiMapUtils.java:157:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\MultiSetUtils.java:29:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\PredicateUtils.java:73:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\QueueUtils.java:32:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\SetUtils.java:49:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\SetUtils.java:125:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'SetView'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\SetUtils.java:160:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'SetView'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\SetUtils.java:164:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'SetView'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\SetUtils.java:165:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'SetView'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\SetUtils.java:256:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\SetUtils.java:258:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\SetUtils.java:276:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'SetView'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\SetUtils.java:322:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\SetUtils.java:563:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'SetView'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\SetUtils.java:567:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'SetView'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\SetUtils.java:618:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\SplitMapUtils.java:38:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\SplitMapUtils.java:69:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} || {elseBranch};`
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\SplitMapUtils.java:161:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} || {elseBranch};`
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\TransformerUtils.java:72:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\TrieUtils.java:26:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bag\AbstractBagDecorator.java:43:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bag\AbstractMapBag.java:132:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bag\AbstractMapBag.java:159:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bag\AbstractSortedBagDecorator.java:42:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bidimap\AbstractDualBidiMap.java:134:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bidimap\AbstractDualBidiMap.java:354:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bidimap\AbstractDualBidiMap.java:593:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bidimap\TreeBidiMap.java:686:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bidimap\TreeBidiMap.java:702:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bidimap\TreeBidiMap.java:1093:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bidimap\TreeBidiMap.java:1222:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bidimap\TreeBidiMap.java:1250:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bidimap\TreeBidiMap.java:1276:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bidimap\TreeBidiMap.java:1359:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bidimap\TreeBidiMap.java:1453:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bidimap\TreeBidiMap.java:1455:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bidimap\TreeBidiMap.java:1839:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bidimap\TreeBidiMap.java:1889:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bidimap\TreeBidiMap.java:2028:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bidimap\TreeBidiMap.java:2056:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bidimap\TreeBidiMap.java:2102:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bidimap\TreeBidiMap.java:2104:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bidimap\TreeBidiMap.java:2107:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bidimap\TreeBidiMap.java:2132:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bidimap\TreeBidiMap.java:2177:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bidimap\TreeBidiMap.java:2179:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bloomfilter\ArrayCountingBloomFilter.java:119:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'add(int, int)'.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bloomfilter\ArrayCountingBloomFilter.java:226:	AssignmentInOperand:	Avoid assignments in operands
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bloomfilter\ArrayCountingBloomFilter.java:237:	AssignmentInOperand:	Avoid assignments in operands
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bloomfilter\ArrayCountingBloomFilter.java:280:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'subtract(int, int)'.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bloomfilter\BitMaps.java:27:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bloomfilter\CellExtractor.java:106:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TreeMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bloomfilter\CountingBloomFilter.java:328:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bloomfilter\EnhancedDoubleHasher.java:198:	AssignmentInOperand:	Avoid assignments in operands
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bloomfilter\IndexFilter.java:136:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} && {thenBranch};`
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bloomfilter\LayerManager.java:56:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bloomfilter\LayerManager.java:63:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bloomfilter\LayerManager.java:215:	AssignmentInOperand:	Avoid assignments in operands
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bloomfilter\LayerManager.java:284:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bloomfilter\SparseBloomFilter.java:35:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TreeSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\bloomfilter\SparseBloomFilter.java:64:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'add(int)'.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\collection\AbstractCollectionDecorator.java:72:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\collection\CompositeCollection.java:64:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'CompositeCollection'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\collection\CompositeCollection.java:78:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'CompositeCollection'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\collection\CompositeCollection.java:94:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'CompositeCollection'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\collection\CompositeCollection.java:112:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\collection\CompositeCollection.java:461:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\collection\SynchronizedCollection.java:58:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'SynchronizedCollection'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\comparators\ComparableComparator.java:73:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\comparators\ComparableComparator.java:73:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\comparators\FixedOrderComparator.java:97:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\comparators\NullComparator.java:133:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\functors\CatchAndRethrowClosure.java:64:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\functors\CloneTransformer.java:36:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\functors\DefaultEquator.java:30:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\functors\FunctorUtils.java:75:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\functors\FunctorUtils.java:91:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\functors\FunctorUtils.java:105:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\functors\IdentityPredicate.java:81:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\functors\InstantiateFactory.java:134:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'ex' on all code paths
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\functors\InstantiateTransformer.java:119:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'ex' on all code paths
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\functors\InvokerTransformer.java:132:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'ex' on all code paths
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\functors\InvokerTransformer.java:135:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'ex' on all code paths
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\functors\NOPTransformer.java:29:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\functors\NullIsFalsePredicate.java:81:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\functors\NullIsTruePredicate.java:81:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} || {elseBranch};`
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\functors\PrototypeFactory.java:43:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\functors\PrototypeFactory.java:50:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\functors\PrototypeFactory.java:94:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'ex' on all code paths
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\functors\PrototypeFactory.java:104:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\functors\UniquePredicate.java:55:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\functors\UniquePredicate.java:55:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\iterators\AbstractEmptyIterator.java:33:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\iterators\AbstractEmptyMapIterator.java:31:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\iterators\AbstractEmptyMapIterator.java:31:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\iterators\BoundedIterator.java:88:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition};`
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\iterators\BoundedIterator.java:96:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\iterators\EmptyIterator.java:75:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\iterators\EmptyListIterator.java:75:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\iterators\EmptyMapIterator.java:51:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\iterators\EmptyOrderedIterator.java:51:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\iterators\EmptyOrderedMapIterator.java:51:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\iterators\FilterIterator.java:53:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\iterators\FilterListIterator.java:76:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\iterators\IteratorChain.java:84:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\iterators\IteratorEnumeration.java:38:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\iterators\ObjectGraphIterator.java:159:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\iterators\TransformIterator.java:42:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\keyvalue\AbstractMapEntryDecorator.java:49:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} || {elseBranch};`
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\keyvalue\DefaultKeyValue.java:122:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\keyvalue\DefaultKeyValue.java:138:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\keyvalue\TiedMapEntry.java:123:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedList.java:70:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractLinkedList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedList.java:108:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractLinkedList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedList.java:154:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedList.java:159:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedList.java:202:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedList.java:231:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractLinkedList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedList.java:249:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractLinkedList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedList.java:385:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedSubList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedList.java:393:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedSubList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedList.java:556:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedList.java:716:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedSubList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedList.java:727:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedSubList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedList.java:802:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedList.java:815:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedList.java:877:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedList.java:922:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedList.java:951:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedList.java:999:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedList.java:1014:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedList.java:1085:	OptimizableToArrayCall:	This call to Collection.toArray() may be optimizable
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedList.java:1098:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedList.java:1120:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedListJava21.java:73:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractLinkedListJava21'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedListJava21.java:111:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractLinkedListJava21'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedListJava21.java:157:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedListJava21.java:162:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedListJava21.java:205:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedListJava21.java:233:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractLinkedListJava21'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedListJava21.java:248:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractLinkedListJava21'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedListJava21.java:384:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedSubList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedListJava21.java:392:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedSubList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedListJava21.java:555:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedListJava21.java:707:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedSubList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedListJava21.java:718:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedSubList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedListJava21.java:791:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedListJava21.java:802:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedListJava21.java:864:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedListJava21.java:909:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedListJava21.java:938:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedListJava21.java:984:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedListJava21.java:997:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedListJava21.java:1068:	OptimizableToArrayCall:	This call to Collection.toArray() may be optimizable
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedListJava21.java:1081:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractLinkedListJava21.java:1103:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\AbstractListDecorator.java:43:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\CursorableLinkedList.java:586:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\PredicatedList.java:97:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'PredicatedList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\TransformedList.java:88:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TransformedList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\TransformedList.java:90:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TransformedList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\TransformedList.java:116:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TransformedList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\TreeList.java:83:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\TreeList.java:758:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TreeList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\TreeList.java:790:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TreeList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\list\TreeList.java:912:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractHashedMap.java:76:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractHashedMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractHashedMap.java:83:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractHashedMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractHashedMap.java:139:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractHashedMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractHashedMap.java:247:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractHashedMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractHashedMap.java:266:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractHashedMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractHashedMap.java:359:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractHashedMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractHashedMap.java:404:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractHashedMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractHashedMap.java:411:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractHashedMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractHashedMap.java:456:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractHashedMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractHashedMap.java:474:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractHashedMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractHashedMap.java:481:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractHashedMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractHashedMap.java:519:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractHashedMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractHashedMap.java:578:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'EntrySet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractHashedMap.java:581:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'KeySet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractHashedMap.java:584:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Values'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractHashedMap.java:589:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractHashedMap.java:762:	CloneMethodMustBePublic:	clone() method must be public if the class implements Cloneable
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractHashedMap.java:762:	CloneMethodMustImplementCloneable:	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractHashedMap.java:764:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractHashedMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractHashedMap.java:1461:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractHashedMap.java:1463:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractInputCheckedMapDecorator.java:153:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractLinkedMap.java:207:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractLinkedMap.java:216:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractLinkedMap.java:228:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractLinkedMap.java:246:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractLinkedMap.java:377:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractLinkedMap.java:465:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractLinkedMap.java:471:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractLinkedMap.java:661:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractLinkedMap.java:673:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractMapDecorator.java:52:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractMapDecorator.java:96:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} || {elseBranch};`
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractOrderedMapDecorator.java:47:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractReferenceMap.java:108:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractReferenceMap.java:109:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractReferenceMap.java:390:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractReferenceMap.java:673:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractReferenceMap.java:723:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractReferenceMap.java:738:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\AbstractSortedMapDecorator.java:99:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\CompositeMap.java:517:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ConcurrentReferenceHashMap.java:122:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ConcurrentReferenceHashMap.java:145:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ConcurrentReferenceHashMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ConcurrentReferenceHashMap.java:154:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'EnumSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ConcurrentReferenceHashMap.java:178:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ConcurrentReferenceHashMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ConcurrentReferenceHashMap.java:236:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'EnumSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ConcurrentReferenceHashMap.java:410:	AvoidUsingVolatile:	Use of modifier volatile is not recommended.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ConcurrentReferenceHashMap.java:484:	AssignmentInOperand:	Avoid assignments in operands
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ConcurrentReferenceHashMap.java:488:	AssignmentInOperand:	Avoid assignments in operands
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ConcurrentReferenceHashMap.java:488:	AssignmentInOperand:	Avoid assignments in operands
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ConcurrentReferenceHashMap.java:497:	AssignmentInOperand:	Avoid assignments in operands
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ConcurrentReferenceHashMap.java:688:	AvoidUsingVolatile:	Use of modifier volatile is not recommended.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ConcurrentReferenceHashMap.java:708:	AvoidUsingVolatile:	Use of modifier volatile is not recommended.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ConcurrentReferenceHashMap.java:718:	AvoidUsingVolatile:	Use of modifier volatile is not recommended.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ConcurrentReferenceHashMap.java:866:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ConcurrentReferenceHashMap.java:889:	AssignmentInOperand:	Avoid assignments in operands
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ConcurrentReferenceHashMap.java:978:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ConcurrentReferenceHashMap.java:1018:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ConcurrentReferenceHashMap.java:1032:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ConcurrentReferenceHashMap.java:1319:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'EnumSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ConcurrentReferenceHashMap.java:1435:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'EnumSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ConcurrentReferenceHashMap.java:1436:	LogicInversion:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ConcurrentReferenceHashMap.java:1774:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:180:	AvoidUsingVolatile:	Use of modifier volatile is not recommended.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:206:	NonExhaustiveSwitch:	Switch statements or expressions should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:222:	NonExhaustiveSwitch:	Switch statements or expressions should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:306:	NonExhaustiveSwitch:	Switch statements or expressions should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:322:	NonExhaustiveSwitch:	Switch statements or expressions should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:549:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:611:	NonExhaustiveSwitch:	Switch statements or expressions should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:616:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:620:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:627:	NonExhaustiveSwitch:	Switch statements or expressions should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:632:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:636:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:657:	NonExhaustiveSwitch:	Switch statements or expressions should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:662:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:666:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:672:	NonExhaustiveSwitch:	Switch statements or expressions should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:677:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:681:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:698:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:700:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:702:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:771:	NonExhaustiveSwitch:	Switch statements or expressions should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:780:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:788:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:813:	NonExhaustiveSwitch:	Switch statements or expressions should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:819:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:823:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:830:	NonExhaustiveSwitch:	Switch statements or expressions should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:836:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:840:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:863:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:865:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:867:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:937:	NonExhaustiveSwitch:	Switch statements or expressions should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:944:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:950:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:959:	NonExhaustiveSwitch:	Switch statements or expressions should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:966:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:972:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:983:	DefaultLabelNotLastInSwitch:	The default label should be the last label in a switch statement or expression
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:1067:	NonExhaustiveSwitch:	Switch statements or expressions should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:1133:	NonExhaustiveSwitch:	Switch statements or expressions should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:1231:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:1233:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:1235:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:1236:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:1238:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:1240:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:1241:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\Flat3Map.java:1243:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\LRUMap.java:505:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'ex' on all code paths
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\LazySortedMap.java:82:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LazySortedMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\LazySortedMap.java:98:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LazySortedMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ListOrderedMap.java:114:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} || {elseBranch};`
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ListOrderedMap.java:748:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ListOrderedMap.java:750:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\MultiValueMap.java:220:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\MultiValueMap.java:304:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\PredicatedSortedMap.java:77:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'PredicatedSortedMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ReferenceIdentityMap.java:215:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\ReferenceIdentityMap.java:230:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\SingletonMap.java:580:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\SingletonMap.java:582:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\StaticBucketMap.java:112:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\StaticBucketMap.java:272:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\StaticBucketMap.java:273:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\StaticBucketMap.java:274:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\TransformedSortedMap.java:73:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TransformedSortedMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\TransformedSortedMap.java:77:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TransformedSortedMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\map\TransformedSortedMap.java:103:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TransformedSortedMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\multimap\AbstractListValuedMap.java:230:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\multimap\AbstractMultiValuedMap.java:146:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\multimap\AbstractMultiValuedMap.java:167:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\multimap\AbstractMultiValuedMap.java:567:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'EntryValues'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\multimap\AbstractMultiValuedMap.java:573:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AsMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\multimap\AbstractMultiValuedMap.java:581:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\multimap\AbstractMultiValuedMap.java:677:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} && {thenBranch};`
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\multimap\AbstractMultiValuedMapDecorator.java:102:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} || {elseBranch};`
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\multimap\AbstractSetValuedMap.java:75:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\multimap\ArrayListValuedHashMap.java:139:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\multimap\ArrayListValuedLinkedHashMap.java:139:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\multiset\AbstractMapMultiSet.java:211:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\multiset\AbstractMapMultiSet.java:281:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\multiset\AbstractMultiSet.java:81:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractMultiSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\multiset\AbstractMultiSet.java:88:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractMultiSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\multiset\AbstractMultiSet.java:134:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractMultiSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\multiset\AbstractMultiSet.java:145:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractMultiSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\multiset\AbstractMultiSet.java:194:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractMultiSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\multiset\AbstractMultiSet.java:201:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractMultiSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\multiset\AbstractMultiSet.java:245:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\multiset\AbstractMultiSetDecorator.java:42:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\properties\AbstractPropertiesFactory.java:118:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\properties\AbstractPropertiesFactory.java:137:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\properties\OrderedProperties.java:49:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedHashSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\properties\OrderedProperties.java:164:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\properties\OrderedProperties.java:166:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\properties\OrderedPropertiesFactory.java:26:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\properties\PropertiesFactory.java:43:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\properties\SortedPropertiesFactory.java:26:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\queue\AbstractQueueDecorator.java:48:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\queue\PredicatedQueue.java:58:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'PredicatedQueue'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\queue\PredicatedQueue.java:58:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The final method parameter name 'Queue' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\queue\SynchronizedQueue.java:49:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'SynchronizedQueue'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\queue\TransformedQueue.java:56:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TransformedQueue'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\queue\TransformedQueue.java:59:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TransformedQueue'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\queue\TransformedQueue.java:84:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TransformedQueue'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\set\AbstractNavigableSetDecorator.java:41:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\set\AbstractSetDecorator.java:42:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\set\AbstractSortedSetDecorator.java:43:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\set\CompositeSet.java:74:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'CompositeSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\set\CompositeSet.java:88:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'CompositeSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\set\CompositeSet.java:104:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'CompositeSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\set\CompositeSet.java:122:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\set\CompositeSet.java:485:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\set\ListOrderedSet.java:66:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\set\MapBackedSet.java:58:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'MapBackedSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\set\MapBackedSet.java:73:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'MapBackedSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\set\PredicatedNavigableSet.java:63:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'PredicatedNavigableSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\set\PredicatedSet.java:62:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'PredicatedSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\set\PredicatedSortedSet.java:66:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'PredicatedSortedSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\set\TransformedNavigableSet.java:55:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TransformedNavigableSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\set\TransformedNavigableSet.java:58:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TransformedNavigableSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\set\TransformedNavigableSet.java:83:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TransformedNavigableSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\set\TransformedSet.java:60:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TransformedSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\set\TransformedSet.java:86:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TransformedSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\set\TransformedSortedSet.java:59:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TransformedSortedSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\set\TransformedSortedSet.java:62:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TransformedSortedSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\set\TransformedSortedSet.java:88:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TransformedSortedSet'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\splitmap\AbstractIterableGetMapDecorator.java:44:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\splitmap\AbstractIterableGetMapDecorator.java:82:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} || {elseBranch};`
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractBitwiseTrie.java:76:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition};`
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractBitwiseTrie.java:178:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractBitwiseTrie.java:199:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:56:	AvoidUsingVolatile:	Use of modifier volatile is not recommended.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:65:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:434:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:494:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'PrefixRangeMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:503:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'PrefixRangeMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:863:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractRangeMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:872:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AbstractRangeMap'; use the interface instead
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:944:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:1041:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:1041:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:1110:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:1241:	AvoidUsingVolatile:	Use of modifier volatile is not recommended.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:1243:	AvoidUsingVolatile:	Use of modifier volatile is not recommended.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:1245:	AvoidUsingVolatile:	Use of modifier volatile is not recommended.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:1306:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:1838:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:1842:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:1873:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:1885:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:1887:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:1895:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:1905:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:1911:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:1974:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:1981:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:1990:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:2131:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:2150:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:2158:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:2160:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:2183:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:2198:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:2206:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:2206:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:2210:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:2225:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:2229:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:2234:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\AbstractPatriciaTrie.java:2412:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\analyzer\StringKeyAnalyzer.java:52:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
commons-collections\src\main\java\org\apache\commons\collections4\trie\analyzer\StringKeyAnalyzer.java:78:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.

```
